[Z]
♪ The sea watches us quietly.
♪ Guiding us through
our death and our birth ♪
♪ From humble
hometown waters ♪
♪ To the waves at
the end of the earth. ♪
♪ The sea carries us
carefully ♪
♪ Through the dark of
night and light of day ♪
♪ To the world that's
just and peaceful ♪
♪ So that we never
lose our way ♪
♪ All our pain
and suffering ♪
♪ It swallows up
in its warm embrace ♪
♪ So knowingly and gently,
washes them all away ♪
[SOLDIERS, MARINES shouting]
[Z SOLDIERS yelling]
Every last pirate in the world
is gonna be crushed
under this fist of mine.
[Z yells]
[MARINES scream]
My only will is to
follow Master Zed
wherever he may take me.
Mosa! Mosa, mosa, mosa, mosa!
Grow! Grow! Grow!
Take him down!
My body and spirit shall
serve Master Zed's goal!
[yells]
Eat this! Smash Buster!
[GIANT B]
We're not done.
[GIANT B roars]
[Z]
And Smash Blaster!
[GIANT B groans]
[MARINES scream]
[MARINE O yells]
[BINS]
Hmph.
[MARINES whimper]
[grunts]
Ah.
[gasps]
[yells]
[KIZARU]
Sacred Yata Mirror.
Withdraw, men!
We must withdraw!
Be careful, Master.
[Z yells]
What a wonderful surprise
to see my old teacher
after all these years.
To what do I owe the pleasure?
Borsalino, I keep telling you
you rely on your Glint-Glint
powers too much.
If you won't learn your lesson,
I'll have to beat it into ya!
You always were a strict
instructor, weren't you?
Isn't that right, Master Zephyr?
[Z]
Ha!
The man they called Zephyr
is dead. My name is Zed!
And your pansy Marines call
you "Admiral Kizaru" now?
Hah. How sweet.
Bet you're proud, huh?
I'm sorry, Master,
but it's a little late
to be chatting it up,
wouldn't you say?
[Z yells]
[KIZARU yells]
[Z groans]
[Z]
Huh?
[KIZARU yells]
It must be hard
with that heavy arm.
Why don't you just set it
down and surrender, okay?
What do you need
those explosives for?
Stop causing us trouble.
You know, I never did get along
with you too well, did I?
Now I'm going to need you
to return those Dyna Stones.
They say the power
of the Dyna Stones
rivals the Ancient Weapons.
What do ya say you and
I enjoy the fireworks?
To celebrate our reunion!
Huh?
[Z]
I haven't seen it myself,
but I hear when they're
exposed to oxygen,
they cause an explosion
like nothing else.
[gasps]
Here we go!
[yells]
[AIN gasps]
Master Zed, no!
[gasps]
[KIZARU]
Well, ain't that a mess?
I didn't think he'd
really do it.
[AOKIJI]
Are you kiddin' me?
Damn. The Navy really dropped
the ball on this one.
[BROOK]
♪ Aww, yeah!
♪ C'mon!
♪ C'mon, baby.
♪ Meow! Meow!
♪ Mya-mya-mya-mya-mya-
mya-mya meow! ♪
Soul King in the house, or
rather, on the ship, as it were!
♪ Come on!
Some fine liquor and
falling cherry blossoms.
Not bad, huh, Chopper?
Yeah!
Well, I don't know about
the liquor part so much,
but I like my milk!
[FRANKY]
Here comes the cherry tree!
Just kiddin'! It's me, Franky!
Pretty super, huh?
--[LUFFY] Yeah!
--[FRANKY yelling]
[ZORO]
I'm gonna need another round.
[BROOK] ♪ Oh, oh,
what a wonderful day... ♪
Oh, man, why's it
smell like poison?
I'm gonna die!
What's wrong? You all
rocked out, brother?
Did somebody spike your drink?
Chopper?!
Poison in his milk, huh?
I have an idea.
Are you sayin' you know
who did this to him?
No, for a song.
I call it "Poison in the Milk."
Save it for later!
Ya know, this saké tastes
a little strange, too.
Then again, I haven't had
dry saké in a while,
so maybe it's supposed
to taste like this.
[BROOK]
♪ ...Milk. Milk. Poison.
♪ Not so good for
your bones... ♪
It's always festive
here, isn't it?
[chuckles]
[USOPP] Looking good,
you guys, looking good.
I'm gonna need lots of
Pop Greens to fight with,
so keep up the good work.
And don't worry about the
bugs! I'll protect you.
My super pest buster
is on the job!
[LUFFY]
Usopp!
Stop killing the crew already!
Chopper and Zoro got
poison in their drinks
and Zoro won't stop drinking it!
This stuff's an
insecticide, okay?
In other words, the only
thing it hurts is insects.
So if the insecticide kills you,
that means you're an insect!
Well, we're not insects,
so that settles it.
Back to drinkin', even if
it does taste like poison.
Hey, you're right,
I'm still alive!
My tongue's goin' numb
and my throat's burning,
but I'll get used
to it after a while.
It's a little on
the bitter side.
This must be what people
call a "mature flavor."
I'm mature! Lemme try.
[CHOPPER]
Uh.
Gross.
Should I tell them
that pesticides
are harmful to humans, too?
Captain Cherry Tree's
leadin' his troops away!
C'mon! Off to the north, fellas!
Look! Captain Cherry
Tree is on the move.
Stop him or the cherry
blossom season will end.
Hey! I'm the captain here!
Stop right there!
[FRANKY]
About face, fellas! March!
[LUFFY]
He's changing directions!
[NAMI] Ugh, could you
shut up for five minutes?
Just turn down the stupid
and relax for once, okay?
So annoying.
Hey! You're disturbing
the lady, you idiots!
Ugh, they're hopeless.
Not like you, Nami-swan!
And here's your orange special.
Thanks, Sanji. Looks great.
You wouldn't happen to have
any dessert, would you?
I don't yet,
but it's on the way!
[LUFFY]
Hey, Sanji!
Make me some dessert,
too, wouldja? With meat!
Oh, I'll have some, too,
without the meat, if you will.
Me, too!
Just some cola for me, bro!
Hey, we're not outta
booze yet, are we?
[USOPP]
Did somebody say "dessert"?
[SANJI] You can shut up and
fix your own damned dessert
if you want it so bad!
Ya got it?!
And besides, I was born to
serve the ladies, not you!
[laughs]
What the heck?
Hey, Usopp! You gettin'
poison in our food again?
No! I'm all done spraying.
Now what could this be?
It's snow!
Not really cold enough for
snow to be falling, is it?
I'll figure it out.
This is... volcanic ash.
[OTHERS]
Volcanic ash?
[thunder rumbles]
I got that stuff
all over me! Ah!
We can't leave your
fur covered in ash.
We can take a bath
together later on, okay?
A bath?!
Together?!
Today's not my bath day,
so I wasn't planning on it.
But I guess it's better than
feeling gross all day, huh?
Let me take a bath
with you as well!
It really is quite imperative!
I'm filthy, too! Do you see?
And look, I'm gross as well!
Why, have you ever seen a more
gross face in your entire life?
[BROOK crying]
[SANJI] Did you just hurt
your own feelings?
[ROBIN]
Hmph!
[CHOPPER gasps]
[CHOPPER]
It's okay, Brook.
I'll take a bath
with you if you want!
[BROOK]
I love you, Chopper.
Hey, what's up, Nami?
Have you figured out
this volcano stuff yet?
The needle pointing
in the direction
where the ash came from
started moving erratically,
but that's all I know.
I've never seen
anything like it.
I don't know how to put this--
It's like a lost child
looking for its parents.
Huh? I don't get it.
How can an island be lost?
[NAMI]
Well, what if the eruption
that sent all that ash flying
also blew up the island
the volcano was on?
That's why we can't
get a reading on it.
You're sayin' the island
was there one minute,
then the whole
thing's just gone?
Sounds crazy to me.
This is the New World, you know.
[SANJI] You need to clean
those cherry blossoms
out of your ears.
Nami's beautiful brain
is always right.
Even you know that.
And here's your tea, my dear.
Why, thank you.
In any case, whatever
happened out there,
we'd better avoid that island
the needle's pointing to.
[USOPP]
Not so loud, Nami!
Do not under any circumstances
let Luffy see this.
It's my job to choose the safest
routes and to protect the crew.
And that includes protecting
the captain from himself.
Whoa, that log pose
is flippin' out!
Let's go to that island!
Luffy!
[chuckles]
Hi! Come on!
Too late! We're doomed!
[LUFFY] I've been itchin'
for some adventure!
[USOPP] Hold on, Luffy,
you don't get it.
Nami thinks a volcano blew up.
That's where all the ash
comes from, so even if--
Hey! We know what island we're
goin' to next, you guys!
Set sail!
[USOPP]
Luffy!
[NAMI sighs]
But you said yourself
we shouldn't go that way
and the needle is crazy.
So how would you be able
to navigate us there?
That doesn't matter.
As a navigator, I have my pride.
Once our goal is decided, I'll
get us there no matter what.
Captain! Stand watch!
Okay! You got it!
Wait, you got three choices
and you're going with this one?
I know it's a gamble anyway,
but in the New World,
one wrong move can mean
the difference
between life and death.
Hey, Franky. Portside,
20 degrees.
[FRANKY]
Portside, 20 degrees. Aye-aye!
Nami! Don't ignore me!
Rather than complaining,
I'd be making preparations
if I were you.
The captain's made up his mind.
All we can do now is be brave
and hope for the best.
[chuckles]
[CHOPPER chuckles]
[laughs]
[NAMI] But let's try to avoid
any erupting volcanoes
or things that
could kill us, okay?
I mean, that goes
without saying, right?
Huh?
[yells]
[CHOPPER]
A shipwrecked sailor!
It's rescue time!
Ah! He's gonna drift away!
I got this!
[yells]
Whoa! What happened?
I dunno... I just
lost all my energy.
[CHOPPER screams]
[BOTH]
And one. And two.
[USOPP] Luffy, don't
let go! We have him.
Yay...
[BOTH]
And pull!
You okay? You got
your power back?
[LUFFY chuckles]
So how is he?
He is alive, right?
Yeah; his heartbeat
and breathing
are a little weak right now,
but he's just unconscious,
so he should recover
soon enough.
That's good to hear.
I hate to say it,
but it looks like you
picked up trouble again.
For one, he's covered in scars.
And what's with that arm?
It's not normal,
that's for sure.
What if he starts
swinging it around?
[gasps]
I thought so. His arm is
constructed of Sea Prism Stone.
Oh, I see!
That must be why
you felt so weak
when you grabbed him, Luffy.
If this guy has a Sea
Prism Stone weapon,
you know what that means.
[ALL]
Yeah! He's super awesome!
Not even close!
[SANJI] Sea Prism Stone gives
off the same energy as the sea.
In other words, that
giant arm is a weapon.
And it's designed
to fight against
Devil Fruit users like you.
Then there's a good
chance he's an enemy.
The New World is
dangerous enough
without having to
worry about this, too.
[ZORO] Get rid of him
if you're that worried.
[USOPP] What? You mean just
dump him back in the sea?
No! I won't let you!
Suit yourself, but when he
wakes up, he might kill us all.
I don't care! I'm a
doctor! This is my job!
[LUFFY]
It's fine, Chopper.
You make sure he's
nice and healthy.
'Cause if he tries anything,
he'll have to deal with me.
That sound like a plan to you?
Uh-huh! Thanks a bunch, Luffy!
Whoever he is, I'm sure
we can take him no prob.
[laughs]
[chuckles]
Wow. Not a care
in the world, huh?
[NAMI sighs]
Still, I've got a really
bad feeling about this.
[LUFFY] Oh, c'mon!
This is exciting, right?
[NAMI] I can do without this
kind of excitement, thank you.
[CHOPPER] Luffy, look!
He's waking up! See?
Yeah. So, what's next?
[ZORO]
Hey, Eyebrows. It's time.
I know. Jeez.
Better clean than moss
outta your head.
We caught a big one.
Let's see what he's
got in store for us.
[CHOPPER] How are you feeling?
Don't force yourself to get up.
We found you
drifting in the sea.
Do you remember what happened?
[Z]
Yeah, I think so.
Anyway, thanks for
the treatment.
You really saved me.
Looks like I washed up in the
right place, huh, Doctor?
It's Chopper!
Good work, Doctor Chopper.
I'm glad I'm in
such skilled hands.
Flattery won't get you anywhere
with me, you bastard!
[Z] And you must be
the captain, young man.
You can tell that?
You bet I can. I've worked
with a lotta fellas your age.
You might say I'm good
at spotting talent.
That's cool. So,
what do you wanna do?
You want us to drop you
off at the next island?
[Z]
I have a Vivre Card.
I expect my crew
should be droppin' by
to pick me up any time now.
[LUFFY] Hey, by the way.
Your arm is awesome.
Can I get one just like it?
[chuckles] Sorry, I'm afraid
this sucker's one of a kind.
Got it when some damn
pirate cut off my arm.
These crazy scientists
with the Navy cooked it up.
It's called the
"Battle Smasher."
The claw's made of
Sea Prism Stone,
so I can neutralize
Devil Fruit users.
The palm's got an explosive
charge to blow them to bits.
But I don't recommend
such a heavy weapon
for someone like
you, Dr. Chopper.
Also, you can't take it off
without a special device,
so it's a pain if you
fall in the sea.
So are you with the
Navy or something?
[Z] No. I was, but I
got too old and quit.
I'm doin' something
else these days.
[LUFFY]
Like what?
[Z] Let's just say I'm
fighting for a mission
I imposed on myself.
[LUFFY]
Fighting against who?
Huh. Wow. Slow down, kid.
It almost feels like
you're interrogating me.
Yeah, sorry.
It's just, if it turned out
that you were with the Marines,
things could get ugly
for the both of us.
[Z] Why would things be ugly
between you and the Marines?
Oh, because we're
pirates, of course.
[Z]
I see.
Pirates. I shoulda known.
[ALL yell]
Luffy!
Nami, get outside!
Give it your best!
[LUFFY] That Sea Prism
Stone hurts like hell!
[Z]
Stand up.
Before I eliminate you,
look me in the eye
and tell me why you
became a criminal.
'Cause I'm gonna be King
of the Pirates, that's why.
[Z]
King of the Pirates.
Don't make me laugh, boy!
[yells]
Oh, man! He's strong!
[SANJI groans]
[Z yells]
Damn it!
Hey, Brook. Let's try
to back 'em up!
[BROOK]
Of course.
[yells]
[yelping]
Guess they made it.
[USOPP]
Uh?
I am Ain. I am the vice-admiral
of the New Marines.
As you can see, our fleet
has surrounded your ship.
Do not resist.
Attempting to do so will
only invite your death.
Ow, ow! Don't you idiots
know we're pirates?
You say "don't resist" and
all we wanna do is fight!
[yells]
Great, this guy's
got a whole crew?
[FRANKY yells]
[FRANKY]
Huh?
Mosa, Mosa. Grow, grow, grow!
Stupid grass!
What is that?
He must have Devil Fruit powers!
[BINS] Indeed, it is
the Grow Grow Fruit.
My Mosa-Mosa dance causes any
plant to grow and heed my will!
[yells]
We're under attack outside, too.
[LUFFY]
Then let's finish this quick!
Let's try Dos Fleurs!
Mosa!
Mosa, Mosa, Mosa!
He's too fast. My attacks
can't keep up.
Grow! Mosa, Mosa, Mosa!
Mosa, Mosa, Mosa, Mosa!
Not good!
You guys, stay off the grass!
[BINS]
Mosa, Mosa!
[USOPP, BROOK, CHOPPER shouting]
Grow!
[yells]
[BROOK] No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no. Yoo-hoo!
Gust Sword!
Return-Return!
[gasps]
[USOPP, BROOK gasp]
Nami, no!
Huh?!
[CHOPPER]
What did you do to her?
Heavy Point!
Return-Return!
[CHOPPER yells]
--[USOPP] No!
--Wait, not Chopper, too!
No! Stop! Stay away! Please!
No! Not me! Ah!
Brook! Damn it!
[ROBIN]
Enough!
Now, Seis Fleurs!
You're a Devil Fruit
user, aren't you?
What did that attack do
to Chopper and Nami?
[gasps] Hey, Robin!
Don't use your power!
Pull your hands away now!
Return-Return.
Listen well.
This power of mine comes
from the Return Return Fruit.
With just one touch,
I am able to reverse
the age of anything
or anyone by 12 years.
That would make you around
18 or so, I imagine.
Aw, man! I'm so tiny!
In other words,
if I touch you twice more--
well, that would
be 12 times two--
24 years younger and your entire
existence will be erased.
Smash Buster!
[screams]
[SANJI, ZORO yell]
[BINS]
Mosa, Mosa!
You think you can be
King of the Pirates?
You can't even defend
your own ship.
Either way, this is the end.
Well, ain't that a pity.
The Pirate King, crushed.
So young, and so foolish.
At least tell me your name, boy.
It's Monkey D. Luffy.
Oh, I see. You must be
Garp's grandson then, huh?
[LUFFY yells]
Good work, Master. I'm so glad
to see that you're safe.
I think we're finished here.
Let's retreat to our ship.
We can launch a salvo
and sink these pirates.
Luffy!
You're not hurt too bad, right?
I am Zed, the leader
of the Neo Marines!
Do you hear me?!
I'm going to destroy every last
pirate in this damn world!
Let's see you survive
this, Pirate King!
[NAMI yells]
[BOTH scream]
[LUFFY]
Damn it! Don't run away!
You coward! We're not done!
Come back and fight me!
[yells]
[FRANKY]
Sunny!
[screams]
Chopper, you gotta
hurry up, pal!
This is not good!
[CHOPPER, NAMI scream]
Help!
Come on, Luffy!
We have to get out of here!
[growls]
Franky! We gotta move!
[screams]
[LUFFY]
Stupid plants! Come on!
--[ROBIN screams]
--[FRANKY roars]
[FRANKY]
Super!
[yells]
C'mon, Sunny! You can
do it! I believe in ya!
Emergency escape system!
Coup de Burst!
[AKAINU]
What the hell was he thinking?
Those Dyna Stones
are our trump card.
They're for protecting the
End Points from pirates.
What could he hope to accomplish
by using one to attack
the End Point itself?
[OFFICER A] As reported,
the First End Point
along with our base that was
protecting it sank into the sea,
though his motive was unclear.
[AKAINU] I believe that
Zed's goal is to destroy
all three of the End Points,
throwing the waters of
the New World into chaos.
Well, I suppose,
but even he couldn't survive
an explosion from a Dyna Stone.
The issue has resolved itself.
[TSURU]
No, he's alive.
Everyone here knows full well
he won't be defeated so easily.
I understand.
This is a difficult situation
for all of us to face,
but it's clear that Zed,
or rather, former admiral
"Black Arm" Zephyr,
most certainly survived
that explosion.
[AKAINU]
In any case, we must recover
the remaining Dyna Stones.
I'm aware of the debt of
gratitude we owe to Zepyhr,
but this is the path he
has chosen for himself.
Make no mistake,
he is our enemy now.
And in the name of justice,
we must hunt down every last man
who calls himself a Neo Marine
and eliminate them.
You all have your orders.
Use any means
necessary to stop Zed,
to eliminate the Neo
Marines, restore justice,
and retrieve the Dyna Stones.
They say when all three
of the End Points are destroyed,
that the world will
come to an end.
But everyone knows that's
just a fairy tale.
It's really nothing to
be afraid of, is it?
[GARP]
Let me ask you this.
Do you think the
Navy would mobilize
all of its forces if it wasn't?
[COBY, HELMEPPO gasp]
[GARP]
I know what Zed wants to do.
He wants to wipe out all the
pirates in the New World.
And if he can destroy
the End Points,
he might damn well pull it off.
Now that might sound
handy enough, I'm sure,
except it's not just
the pirates he'd kill,
but every last living
creature as well.
So, Vice-Admiral Garp,
who is Zed?
It seems like you know him.
That's right, I do.
Zed was an old comrade of mine.
A Marine, just like all of you.
You were my friend, Zephyr.
This is the last thing
I would ever want.
Is this your revenge?
A grudge so deep you're willing
to destroy the world?
[GARP] Is that the price
you're going to pay
just to get back at us?
Luffy, don't sweat it!
I got this!
Nothin' wrong with
the Sunny I can't fix!
Might take a little while,
but you're goin' after Zed
in the meantime, right, bro?
That's right. I gotta
settle the score.
This should cover the docking
fee while we're doing repairs.
And this is for lodging.
I'm sorry, you guys.
If I hadn't insisted
on helping out Zed,
none of this would've happened.
[ZORO]
I don't wanna hear that talk.
As a pirate and a doctor,
you should never regret
doing what you believe in,
no matter how it turns out.
We trust you as
a part of our crew
and stand by your decision.
Thanks, that means a lot.
Heh.
[USOPP]
Who is this Zed guy anyway?
And "The Neo Marines"?
[CHOPPER]
He seemed nice at first,
but he went totally nuts when
he found out we were pirates.
[SANJI]
Tch.
And that plant guy he had with
him was a pain in the ass.
He just took us by surprise
last time, that's all.
And besides, we gotta
avenge the Sunny,
since she's the one that
got us outta that mess.
[NAMI] No kidding. We really
dropped the ball back there.
If she hadn't pulled
through for us,
we'd all be sitting on the
bottom of the ocean right now.
[ROBIN] The first step is to
hunt down these Neo Marines.
Then we'll pay
them back properly.
[USOPP]
You mean right now?
You saw how dangerous
those guys were.
I'm in no rush to
fight them again!
Let's lay low here
till the Sunny's fixed.
Maybe we'll get over it.
That's easy for you to say!
You realize I'm stuck like this.
If you're waiting for me to "get
over it," it'll take 12 years!
Yeah, me, too! I don't
wanna be stuck like this!
[NAMI] How do you
expect me to do my job
with this tiny little body?
Surviving in the New World
is tough enough as is!
I have to be in top form
as our ship's navigator
and protect myself,
and to do that, I need
my old body back!
Yeah, Usopp!
I just meant we shouldn't
rush into things, y'know?
Give you guys some time to rest!
I don't wanna be stuck like
this either. It's annoying.
[USOPP]
Right.
I know you're happy
to be 18 again,
with everything soft and cute
and right where it belongs!
[USOPP yelling]
[USOPP]
I'm sorry!
The ladies are in
trouble, you damn fool,
so how 'bout you show a little
common decency for once?
[grunts]
[SANJI]
But wait a second.
If they don't get fixed,
that means I'll get to
watch Nami transform
from this little caterpillar
into the beautiful butterfly
I know and love!
Each fleeting moment
more lovely than the last!
Don't be weird.
My love is perfectly
innocent, okay?
And by the way, if you'd
been turned into a kid,
I'd just step on your
ugly green head.
What are you, stupid?
Even if I was a kid,
I could still kick your ass!
Oh, you would, would you?
Well, then I'd just have
to be a three year old
and kick your sorry
ass even harder!
How's that?
Yeah?!
Then I'd just have to stomp
your ass as a little bitty baby!
Yeah? Then I would
just have to--
[BOTH growl]
[NAMI] Now is not the time for
this--not that it ever is!
[BROOK] Actually, perhaps
you didn't notice,
but I was transformed into
a younger age as well.
Are you sure?
You look the same to me.
Yeah, what's different?
[BROOK] If you will recall,
Miss Ain touched me
when I was trapped
by the plants.
[USOPP] Now that you
mentioned it, she did, huh?
Not that it changed much.
On the contrary, despite
being dead and bones,
and despite being in this state
for more than 50 years now,
this is a remarkable
change indeed.
Twelve years younger,
it's a miracle. Look!
My hair has the luster it had
when I was merely 70!
Would ya like to touch it?
[SANJI]
It looks the same!
How can we tell since you
dye your hair, anyway?
So even though we lost,
you're still happy she hit
you with that attack?
And even if we win,
you wanna stay that way?
Huh. When you put it that way,
I suppose it's true.
Wait, that's no good. I want
my true age and body back.
Don't I?
[SANJI]
Don't ask me!
[sighs]
If we wanna get back
to our normal ages,
I guess all we can do is
try to gather some info
on this Zed guy.
Ow! Hey, old man, do
you need somethin'?
If it's about the fee
for using your dock,
talk to our cute
little navigator.
Zed strikes again.
No surprise there.
Wait a second, you know
somethin' about Zed?
[MOBSTON]
Let me put it this way.
Your pirate ship
isn't the only one
to have washed up on this dock,
all battered and busted up.
Happened a lot lately,
and all the pirates,
with their black eyes
and broken bones,
say it was Zed
that did it to 'em.
[chuckles]
You'll have to excuse
my grandfather,
this is all he talks
about these days.
Every customer we have it's
just, "Zed and the pirates."
We've been on this
island for a long time--
repairing ships,
renting out the dockyard,
and taking care of pirates
who have had nasty
run-ins with Marines.
Grandfather used to
be a sailor, too,
so he treats all
customers equally,
even if they might be
wanted by the government.
There's somethin' beautiful
about coming to the New World
and risking your life
and following your dream
no matter the cost.
What can I say?
These men are brave as hell,
but once Zed gets a hold of 'em,
their spirits are broken
and they don't wanna
fight anymore.
Their dreams come here to die.
So it's a crime to help these
men, but I stand by them.
I wanna pick them up
as best I can,
because what Zed's
stolen from them's
as precious as life itself.
But you fellas are different.
You got beaten by Zed,
but you still wanna pick
yourselves up and fight.
So I'm gonna give you
the powerful weapons
that the men before
you left behind, see?
Powerful weapons, huh?
That sounds awesome! Lemme see!
[USOPP laughs]
Don't get ahead of yourselves.
Yeah, but they're powerful!
I mean, what else do
we need to know?
If we can't even find Zed,
"powerful" doesn't
do us much good.
But we need to buy
some new clothes.
Not because I want
to go shopping--
because Zed burned all of them.
If we try to gather information
wearing party costumes,
we'll be laughed outta town
before we learn anything.
So first clothes,
then information, okay?
Then powerful weapons,
then we fight Zed!
That's the rule!
Uh. All right, sure.
[GRANDDAUGHTER]
Wow, Nami,
you sure are mature
for a little girl.
[NAMI chuckles]
[NAMI] Oh, by the way,
is there a town on this island
where we could find
what we're looking for?
A place with lots of
people and shops?
[GRANDDAUGHTER] Unfortunately,
we're the main attraction
on this island, or rather,
the only attraction.
The island next to
ours should have
what you're looking for, though.
It's really popular for its hot
springs and volcano tours.
A Sea Train started
going there recently,
so it's brimming with tourists.
[NAMI]
You mean the Sea Train?
I do!
[whistle blows]
[USOPP]
Oooh!
[humming]
[laughs]
[SANJI]
Yeah, Mosshead, our captain,
and the skeleton with the afro
might be a bit conspicuous,
but since they still can't
get my wanted poster right,
I'll go with the ladies.
Right, Nami-swan? Robin-dear?
[NAMI]
You can't come either, Sanji.
[SANJI]
What?!
[NAMI] No one conspicuous
and no one who picks fights.
We're just here to
gather information.
[SANJI]
But it's a resort. And ladies...
[ZORO] We violent, conspicuous
types can hit up the hot springs
before our big fight.
[BROOK]
Splendid!
Oh, and let me pick
out our new clothes!
I hear they have some fabulous
boutiques on the island,
so I'm eager to see what's
in fashion this season!
[NAMI]
Well, this is it.
Whatever you do, don't get
caught by the Marines.
We'll split up now
and meet up later!
[OTHERS]
Yes, ma'am!
--[ROBIN] This way, then.
--[BROOK] And off we go!
[groaning]
[SANJI]
Ridiculous.
You Devil Fruit users can't
even handle a little bath?
Makes me wonder why
you even bothered.
If it's only our bottom half,
the sensation's almost pleasant.
[sighs] I love it!
How many days have we
spent here, by the way?
Surely there's something
more effective we can do.
Oh, yeah, we gotta beat up Zed!
Let's go fight him right now!
[SANJI]
Yeah, where?
Did you forget why
we're hangin' out here?
The island's swarming
with Marines
and we haven't found
any info yet.
This is all we can do.
We gotta trust in Nami's plan.
The ladies, Chopper, and Usopp
are getting answers.
We just gotta be patient
till they find them.
[MEN cheering]
I like it! She's talented.
You're right! And my
patrons love her!
Well, sir, I hope
this is the start
of a very lucrative friendship!
[laughs]
You goin' on a date,
mister? Best of luck!
[CUSTOMER]
Thanks a lot, kid.
But I hope I don't need it.
Ah. A cliché? Yes, but I've
been soaked to the bone.
It's like the stress has melted
away, along with my skin.
Damn it, Zed.
When I saw that awesome-looking
arm thing of yours,
I let my guard down.
But that won't happen again.
You're gonna need to
cook up some kind of plan.
Devil Fruit powers put
you at a disadvantage.
The first thing he's gonna do
is grab you with that big arm
and you'll lose your
power like last time.
Better off lettin'
me or Mosshead
take care of the bastard
from now on.
[LUFFY]
Sorry, but not a chance.
I gotta be the one to do this.
If I can't avoid his arm,
then I've just gotta
smash right through it.
[AOKIJI] You've got just
as much energy as ever.
I've been soakin' a
while waitin' for ya,
so I'm a bit lightheaded.
[LUFFY yells]
[ZORO, SANJI yell]
[gasps]
[LUFFY, SANJI, ZORO]
Aokiji?
That was a rather extreme
reaction, wouldn't you say?
Is this man an
acquaintance of yours?
Yeah, he's a Marine.
Admiral Aokiji of
Navy Headquarters.
[BROOK]
Admiral?!
Hey. It's been quite
a while, huh?
Master, the work here is done.
All of the Dyna Stones
have been set.
[Z]
I see.
We'll have the volcano
erupt, just as planned.
Then those weak Marines
will finally understand.
This is the cost of my wrath.
This is the fate they have
brought upon themselves.
You ready to back me up?
--[SANJI] We're ready.
--[ZORO] Ready.
It doesn't matter if
you're an admiral--
we shall stand our ground!
[AOKIJI]
Now, now, let's take it easy.
What the hell do you
want from us, huh?
Here to arrest us?
That would be quite the
feat, now wouldn't it?
And don't worry, I wasn't
waiting here to ambush you.
You didn't know I
walked out on my job?
You still look confused.
Listen, I quit bein' a
Marine admiral, get it?
But if you're not an admiral,
then what are you now?
What am I now, huh?
Feels kinda weird hearin'
that from a skeleton.
But let's see,
if I'm not an admiral...
...then a hero of justice?
Okay, maybe that
one's a stretch.
Ah... Damn. You tell me.
[ZORO, SANJI]
How would we know?!
Anyway, point is, I'm not
here to fight with you.
And even if I wanted to,
what would I gain from it?
Listen, if I was
gonna ambush you,
why would I do it where
I can't use my ice?
I was just waiting.
[sighs]
Okay, then why were
you waiting for us?
That's the question.
But I can't answer you,
as lightheaded as I am.
Gimme a second here.
I need to step out.
[BOTH grunt]
[BROOK]
Uh.
Hm? Oh, this? Eh, it's fine.
I just got a little wild
and paid the price.
[MEN cheering]
Well, Chopper. Did you
find anything out today?
I did hear a rumor
that the Marines
are here on the island
looking for Zed,
but nobody had any details.
If his name came up at all,
it can't be a
coincidence, right?
No, I guess not.
Now that you mention it,
there were a lot more Marines
than usual at the bar.
Still, it seems to me like
they all came to see Robin,
not 'cause they were
looking for Zed.
Is there any reason why
he'd be here anyway?
So Robin's really
that popular, huh?
You bet! Including tips,
we made a lot! Check it out!
Not bad, huh?
That is a lot!
Yeah. A rumor is one thing--
what we need are some facts.
Okay, fine. Then what's next?
Heh. No problem. I got this.
So anyway, what
happened to your leg?
Didn't anyone ever tell you
there are some questions
you just don't ask?
'Cause that's one of them.
Okay, next one. How 'bout this?
Why did you have
a duel with Akainu?
I thought you guys were
supposed to be friends.
That's even worse.
I see delicacy isn't
really your style.
I'm sorry, but I'll
pass on that one, too.
Huh. Then can you at least
tell me what you're doing here?
You're not givin' up, are ya?
Fine. I guess I'm gonna
have to answer that one.
I came to recuperate
at the hot springs,
but I keep passin'
out in the tub.
All right, sorry,
that's obviously not true.
I'm lookin' for somebody.
You can probably guess who.
He's a beast, and it
seems like you've been
on the receiving end
of his fangs.
It's Zed, huh?
Old man's strong.
You gotta admit that.
And like yours truly, he was
a Navy admiral before he quit.
Here ya go, sir!
Thank you very much.
For a little girl, you sure
do work hard, don't ya?
[NAMI]
Mr. Marine.
Tell me, have you heard any
interesting news lately?
[NAMI giggles]
Do you guys know about Zed?
Wait a second. Who here
told you about Zed?
Everybody knows about him!
The grown-ups are spreading
all kinds of rumors around.
But mostly, they're saying
that you Marines
are here to beat him up!
Oh, yeah?
It was s'posed to be a secret,
but I guess it got out.
Hey. Hold on.
[MARINE Q]
It's no big deal.
Then is it true that he's
on the island right now?
Yeah, he sure is,
but even though there's
a bad guy around,
you don't have to be afraid
'cause the good
guys're here, too!
So does Zed have
some evil plan?
Is there something here
he's looking for,
or someone he wants to fight?
I think you'd better stop.
He's trying to destroy
the End Point.
The End Points are real?
I thought that was
just a fairy tale
or a story you tell
to scare people.
Heh. Believe it or not,
they're a hundred percent real.
[MARINE CAPTAIN D]
That's enough out of you.
You must be drunk if you're
running your mouth so much.
Show a little integrity, men.
[MARINES]
We're sorry, Captain!
You're awfully interested
in Zed for a girl your age.
You're not up to
something, are you?
It's not me!
That weird guy over there made
me ask your friends about Zed!
[USOPP yelps]
Huh. He looks suspicious.
Damn it, Nami. You sold
us out, didn't ya?
Should we run?
Kind of a shame though.
I was starting to like
this manager gig!
Guess I'd better get
back to work. So--
I'm sorry, young lady,
but I'm going to need
you to come with me.
[NAMI]
Let me go!
And now, Seis Fleurs!
[MARINE CAPTAIN D yelps]
[MEN cheering]
[ROBIN]
Let's move!
[NAMI]
Right!
[MARINE S]
Captain!
Where did those arms
come from, sir?
It must be the Flower
Flower Fruit! Nico Robin.
The dancer's one of
the Straw Hat Pirates!
Do not let her get away!
[MARINES]
Sir!
[AOKIJI] The World Government's
running this show,
but the time we live in is known
as the Great Pirate Era.
All over the world,
people like you
are taking to the seas,
looking for One Piece.
Was it One Piece, lyin' out
there in the New World
that gave rise to
all these pirates?
Or did the pirates give
rise to One Piece?
Does the man make the dream,
or the dream make the man?
When pirates chase their dreams,
sometimes they step on other
people's dreams in the process,
and sometimes they
destroy people's lives.
Does that mean we should
crush their dream in return?
Is that even possible?
Now former Marine Admiral Zed is
tryin' to answer that question.
"If One Piece were to disappear,
so would all the pirates."
A crude conclusion,
but that's what he thinks.
I may no longer be
a Marine, myself,
but still I wanna see what
fate has in store for Zed.
And as for what I do with myself
after that, can't say.
[AOKIJI]
But I'm glad I met you here,
because I know you're gonna
follow your dreams to the end,
even if it means butting
heads with Zed again.
I've seen his answer and
now I wanna see yours.
So long. You can find Zed
on this island, by the way.
We go to so much trouble
to disguise ourselves
and all hell breaks
loose anyway?
We got our info,
that's good enough for me!
We might not know
what he's up to,
but we do know that
Zed's on the island!
[CHOPPER yells]
[MARINE T]
There they are!
[USOPP]
Don't worry, I got this.
Now... Special Attack...
...Green Star Devil!
Eat that! It's time
to go find Luffy!
Right!
What do you think?
I did my best to find
some stylish clothes.
Nice, aren't they?
They look quite
exquisite on--well, me.
[SANJI]
Oh, you think so?
[BROOK]
Watch out, ladies.
[SANJI]
Yeah, good luck with that.
Let's see you survive
this, Pirate King!
[SANJI]
Luffy. Hey!
The rest of the crew is here.
Ah! Look!
Seems like they brought
some friends along to play.
I guess we get in trouble
no matter what we do.
Man, we shoulda just
come out swinging. Hm?
Hey, Luffy, we still need to
figure out where Zed's hiding,
so leave a couple of
'em standing, 'kay?
Give it your best, Captain!
[ROBIN]
Good to see you!
[MARINES yelling]
This power. It must be
the Conqueror's Spirit.
[LUFFY]
Hey. Where is Zed hiding?
He's on the other
side of the island.
At the sand dunes.
Our forces are launching an
attack on him even as we speak.
[MARINES yelling]
[KIBIN yells]
Ha!
Time for Iron Body!
[coughs]
Your "justice" is useless.
It won't accomplish
a damn thing.
If you really want justice,
really want freedom,
burn it all down and
try again from the start!
[PEOPLE screaming]
As you can see,
the Dyna Stone has awakened
the sleeping volcano.
A fitting celebration now that
we've succeeded in destroying
the second End Point.
The Grand Reboot.
Once we destroy the third
and final End Point,
at long last, our dream
will become reality.
And once we've rid the
seas of all pirates,
we will usher in a new age
where peace and justice
will triumph over chaos!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Rifle!
Well, look at that.
The punk-ass pirates are back.
Yeah, what'cha gonna do?
Hah. Give us your worst,
you piece of crap!
Hey, old man! You turn
my friends back to normal!
Ain and Bins.
Yes, sir.
Ready.
I'll take care of the girl
with the two swords.
Damn it, Mosshead.
I was gonna say that!
Okay. If I don't need
to fight, that's fine!
Good luck out there, you guys!
Mosa! Mosa! Mosa! Mosa!
Mosa, mosa, mosa!
Show some backbone.
If a pirate wants something,
he doesn't ask, he takes it.
Doesn't he?
If you want your friends
back to normal,
let's see ya beat it out of us!
Damn it! I think I will fight!
No, Usopp.
If I'm gonna win,
I'm doin' it one on one!
[USOPP]
Luffy!
[Z laughs]
Come on, you mean
old jerk! Let's go!
[PEOPLE screaming]
[LUFFY yelling]
[ALL scream]
I don't want to die!
There's nowhere left to run!
Somebody help us, please!
[ALL scream]
[AOKIJI]
Pardon me, ladies.
There. That's much better.
Head to the Sea Train,
but try to be careful out there.
[MICCHY, SACCHY, YOCCHY]
Thank you very much, sir!
Come on, let's go!
[AOKIJI] How many dreams
are you steppin' on, Zed?
Don't you think you're
taking this too far?
[LUFFY]
That arm of yours is awesome,
but I won't let it
hit me this time!
Using your powers to
accelerate your blood flow.
That should speed
you up for sure,
but can ya make it last?
Second Gear.
[yells]
[Z]
You told me you're going to be
King of the Pirates, didn't you?
[LUFFY]
That's right.
I'm not giving up
until I find One Piece!
[Z] So you say, but how much
conviction do you really have?
Are you prepared
to risk your life,
to throw everything
away for your dream?
Yeah!
Does that include the
lives of your crew?
[yells]
[Z] Will you sacrifice your
crew to become Pirate King?
Will you walk over their corpses
on your way to victory?
[yells]
[yelps]
Hurry up! We can't wait anymore!
I'm sorry about your friends,
but if we don't leave now,
we'll all be swallowed by lava!
[ALL gasp]
That looks horrible.
I hope they're gonna be okay.
[AIN]
Return-Return!
We're done here.
But make no mistake, swordsman,
if we meet again,
you will meet your end!
Mosa!
[groans]
It's time to depart.
Farewell, pirate!
Well, I guess that's it, then.
You annoying little coward.
[Z yells]
If you don't overcome
your fear of my Smasher,
you'll never land a blow on me.
You do know that, right?
I'm not afraid of anything!
Fear and uncertainly
dull your conviction.
They make you weak!
Smash Tornado!
[USOPP screams]
Ah!
Sorry, but I'm rubber,
so bullets don't work on me!
[yells]
That so?
[groaning]
[LUFFY]
My power.
[Z]
Don't bother trying to move.
That bullet is made
from Sea Prism Stone.
It's a difficult
material to process,
so you don't see something
like that every day.
The pirates in the New
World were smart enough
to see this coming,
but it still has its uses.
For example,
it's quite effective
on snot-nosed Devil Fruit
users who get sloppy.
Criminals cannot be
allowed to go unpunished.
[gasps]
You know, I think this straw
hat has seen enough fights.
When I bring an end to this
so-called Great Pirate Era,
I think I'll bury your
hat along with it.
[LUFFY]
Give it back!
Shanks gave that to me,
and I told him I'd
take care of it!
I promised I'd
return it one day!
Come back!
It was Red-Haired Shanks who
showed you how to be a pirate?
Piling sin on top of sin.
I'll have to punish
him, too, won't I?
Give it back!
[Z] Don't worry, he and
all the other pirates
will follow you soon.
After the Grand Reboot,
you can all take your filthy
dream to the grave.
If the Four Emperors think
I'm below their notice,
then it's their loss.
Arrogant bastards won't
know what hit 'em.
But they'll be dead
as hell all the same.
Don't you dare...
lay a hand on Shanks!
[growls]
There's a landslide
coming down the volcano.
We're all screwed
if we don't move.
Hey, Usopp! Where the
hell did Luffy go?
Luffy?
Luffy! Luffy!
Luffy, where are you?!
Uh! Luffy!
[ZORO] There's not a damn
thing we can do about that.
[USOPP]
Come on, run!
You know how fast
that stuff moves?
Nami said over
60 miles an hour.
Sounds right.
[USOPP]
Wait, if we're on a hill...
Green Star... Boaty Banana!
Now get on!
Faster, Usopp!
It doesn't have an engine!
Ah! It's just a banana!
Hey, look ahead!
We're gonna crash!
[USOPP] Banana's don't have
steering wheels either!
Okay. Shift your weight
to the right!
[ZORO]
Take the left street!
[USOPP grunting]
Wait, no!
[ALL screaming]
Damn it.
[USOPP screams]
Help me!
[gasps]
[BROOK, CHOPPER]
Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!
[BOTH gasp]
Damn. Now that's what
I call fireworks.
The whole island's
burning to the ground.
[AIN] Master, is Straw
Hat still alive?
[Z] Only the flames can
answer that question.
Everything in this
world? One Piece?
Imagine all the things
that have been sacrificed
for such a foolish dream.
How much sadness and
hate has it bred?
If this is what
their "era" means,
if this is what they call
"free will," "freedom,"
I will crush these
things without remorse.
They chose this dream,
so let them be buried with it.
Let them reap the consequences.
If only for a moment, I'll show
them the same suffering
they've brought upon this world,
and draw the curtain on this
accursed "Great Pirate Era."
[SENGOKU] The man has suffered
through something unspeakable,
of course he has my sympathy.
But however justified
his revenge may seem,
involving civilians in this
catastrophe is inexcusable.
That is not justice.
As cut and dry as ever, I see.
You may be right, but those
are the words of a Marine,
not a man.
Is that really how
you feel, Sengoku?
Ah.
[COBY]
Vice Admiral Garp!
Yes, what is it, boy?
This Zed guy, or, former
Admiral Zephyr, I mean, sir.
What kind of a man was he?
[sighs]
[GARP] He believed in the
justice we Marines stand for
more than anyone
I've ever met.
[COBY] Then why would he
do something like this?
It makes him no better
than a murderer.
[GARP]
There was... an incident.
[COBY]
What happened?
[GARP]
Zephyr was an earnest man.
No matter how
dangerous the battle,
he was always on the frontlines
ahead of his subordinates.
He risked his life fighting
our strongest adversaries
without so much as
a second thought.
He was promoted to admiral
at a very young age.
He married, had a child,
and did extraordinary
work as a Marine.
Then one day, a pirate that
held a grudge against him
murdered his family.
Zephyr knew full
well the gravity
of his position as
a Marine admiral,
so despite being
stricken with grief,
he buried his hatred
deep in his heart
and immersed himself
in his work.
Years went by without incident.
Zephyr retired from
the front lines
and spent his days
training young Marines.
Every officer you can name
was a student of his.
His passion for teaching
was just as great
as his passion for justice.
He was like a father to a whole
generation of Marines.
[Z] I wanna raise heroes
to protect this world.
[GARP] But then he
faced another tragedy
and lost his family again.
[Z gasps]
[Z wailing]
[GARP] A ship full of his
students was attacked
by a pirate with
Devil Fruit powers.
Zephyr was unable to stop him.
Save one man and one woman,
every trainee on the
ship was murdered.
Zephyr of course survived,
but he was badly injured
and lost his right
arm in the fight.
They cut off an admiral's arm?
[GARP] But they still couldn't
keep the man down.
Marine scientists replaced
his arm with a weapon
designed to fight against
Devil Fruit users.
And so he did.
Zephyr and his surviving pupils
organized a flying column
and hunted down every pirate
they could find with powers.
Even then, he found a new
way to pursue his justice,
and he kept his faith in
the strength of the Marines;
never submitting to his despair.
But even he had his limits.
One day, something
unthinkable happened,
and his resolve,
as a Marine crumbled.
The pirate that had
murdered Zephyr's pupils
had his crimes excused
and was invited by
the World Government
to become one of the Seven
Warlords of the Sea.
[COBY]
What?
[GARP] Zephyr disappeared
from the Marines,
along with a team of
his loyal supporters.
We heard nothing from him
until the man called Zed
reappeared in the New World.
He and the Neo Marines held
a deep grudge against pirates,
as well as the Navy
that had failed him.
If we were unable
to uphold justice,
he'd take matters
into his own hands.
But his hate had twisted him,
and the old Zephyr we
knew was all but gone.
[Z]
You Marines are useless! Weak!
[COBY] Is that why he
calls himself Zed now,
instead of "Black Arm Zephyr"
like he was before?
[GARP]
Hard to say.
Doesn't matter, I suppose.
But Zed is a man with
no doubt in his heart,
and a fearsome enemy to face.
That much I know.
[AOKIJI] ♪ The sea,
watches us, quietly. ♪
♪ Guiding us through our
death and our birth ♪
♪ From humble
hometown waters ♪
♪ To the waves at
the end of the earth. ♪
♪ All our pain
and suffering ♪
♪ It swallows up
in its warm embrace ♪
♪ So knowingly and gently,
washes them all away. ♪
♪ There will come
a day, I'm sure ♪
♪ When I must heed
its solemn call ♪
♪ And walk side by side
with my old friends, ♪
♪ Resting in its foamy waters.
[AOKIJI] You know, I used
to really hate that song.
It's morbid.
It might honor fallen Marines,
but it never gave me
any sense of peace.
[AOKIJI]
Is this one still your favorite?
[Z]
No finer drink in the world.
That's one thing
that hasn't changed.
It's funny,
I used to drink that so
I could be more like you.
I thought it was the coolest
thing in the whole damn world.
I hope you didn't
come all the way here
to lecture this old fool.
I'm sorry, friend.
I'm too stubborn.
I won't stop.
You sayin' you're
willing to die?
[Z]
If that's what it takes.
There's an evil in this
world that the Marines
don't have the
courage to destroy.
Someone's gotta stand up for
justice no matter the cost.
Well, anyway,
I need to get goin'.
But if we meet again,
we should have a drink.
Now kindly stay outta my way.
I don't wanna kill you.
Me, either... Master Zephyr.
[ROBIN] So this bullet's
made of Sea Prism Stone?
It only hit Luffy in the
shoulder, but it did the trick.
[AOKIJI]
You gonna fight?
Or are you gonna sit there
and feel sorry for yourselves?
[screaming]
[NAMI]
Aokiji!
[USOPP, CHOPPER scream]
Why is he here?
[CHOPPER] Look, mister,
we don't want any trouble!
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
It's okay.
This time, he's on our side.
[NAMI]
Huh?
[NAMI] Zed--or Zephyr--
was a Marine admiral?
[AOKIJI]
He stole some Dyna Stones
from the Navy a while back.
Dyna Stones?
I'm sorry, I have no
idea what those are.
It's a type of explosive
with a power that rivals
the Ancient Weapons.
Supposedly, when one comes
in contact with oxygen,
it causes an immense
wave of destruction.
Naturally, since
they're so dangerous,
civilians are not allowed
to possess them.
The Navy usually keeps
them locked down,
but you're saying
Zed has them now?
Yeah, and he's
plannin' to use 'em
to upset the three End Points
and devastate the New World.
He's hit two of 'em already.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
hold on, you lost me.
What are these
End Point thingies?
There are supposedly
three giant magma pools
beneath the seas
of the New World,
also known as the "End Points."
I'm afraid I'm a bit
skeptical, though.
I thought that was just
an old wives' tale.
But you're saying the story
about them is true?
How can the Neo Marines
talk about justice
when they turned such a hot
girl into this little shrimp.
[NAMI]
Whatever! Answer my question!
Are the End Points real
or not? Just tell me!
They are.
[gasps]
[AOKIJI]
Firs Island. Se-con Island.
If the New World pirates heard
about what happened there,
they wouldn't just
think I was lyin',
they'd laugh right in my face.
That isn't to say none of 'em
have heard the story
before, mind you.
Just that no one believes it.
Of course not.
The Government did research
and announced to the world
that the End Points
were just a legend.
The research was real, but that
doesn't make the report true.
[STRAW HATS gasp]
The information was so dangerous
the Government used every
means possible to suppress it.
If pirates caught
wind of the truth,
they could throw
the world into chaos.
That's why they
kept this a secret
between the Government
and top-ranked Marines.
Naturally, they never
thought one of those Marines
would betray the
organization, go rogue,
and use that secret against 'em.
That makes sense.
If it was a lie,
the Marines wouldn't be trying
so hard to capture him.
We really stepped in a big
mess this time, didn't we?
[AOKIJI] Like I said, Zed
already used Dyna Stones
to destroy two
of the End Points.
If no one stops him from
reaching the last one,
the veins connecting
the three End Points
will become active
and we're finished.
Everyone will be.
How's that?
[AOKIJI] There will be
a catastrophic eruption
that'll wash over all the
islands in the New World.
Zed believes it'll burn
every last pirate to a crisp,
and I'm not one to doubt him.
But that plan
doesn't make sense.
He'll kill all the pirates,
but won't he kill all
the civilians, too?
Yeah, that's crazy!
It doesn't matter
what his reason is--
he can't get innocent people
wrapped up in this!
I don't disagree,
but that's awful hypocritical
coming from pirates.
If your kind wasn't
runnin' around
terrorizing the
citizens of the world,
Zed wouldn't have a reason to
do this in the first place.
But now he's obsessed
with revenge.
He'd gladly destroy
himself to kill you.
I don't care!
[USOPP]
Huh?
My hat is all that
matters to me.
I'm getting it back
and that's it!
Are you kidding me?
We gotta get outta here!
I'd rather not be burned alive!
[sighs]
I can't break my
promise to Shanks.
I said I'd return his hat...
and that I'd be a great pirate.
If I can't even keep
a promise like that,
then I'm never gonna be
King of the Pirates.
Sure, but if the New
World is burning down,
then we might as well--
Just give it up.
Heh. Captain says he doesn't
care--he's made up his mind.
Nami, which way?
[NAMI]
Uh. Well, gimme a minute.
My second life I have
pledged to you, Captain.
Wherever you go,
I will gladly follow.
Now, lead on.
Let's move.
How 'bout we let the
Marines handle this mess
and wait it out a while,
just in case?
We can let this lava
thing run its course
and pick up the hat later!
Then I take it you'll
be staying here
and burning to death
on your own?
Uh.
No, I was just worried about
our captain, that's all!
I'm a brave warrior
of the sea, remember?
Whatever the challenge may be,
I'll face it without
a hint of fear!
You, too, right, Chopper?
Huh? Uh!
Yeah! Warrior of the Sea!
I'll punch that lava right
in the face if I have to!
Bring it on!
[chuckles]
[ROBIN]
Franky, is everything ready?
Yow! Yep, I'm all done!
The Sunny's in good shape!
The question is, are you ready?
[OTHERS]
Yeah!
[FRANKY]
Super!
[STRAW HATS laughing]
[chuckles]
[LUFFY] Thanks for stickin'
with me, you guys.
[OTHERS] Seriously,
why are you thanking us now?
[LUFFY chuckles]
[ALL laughing]
If you've all made your
decision, I'll help you out.
This'll lead you to the island
with the third End Point.
You'll find Zed there.
[NAMI] You're giving us
an Eternal Pose? Why?
[AOKIJI]
What, is that a trick question?
If you didn't have this,
you wouldn't make it
very far, would ya?
I'm asking why
you're helping us.
[AOKIJI] Because even
if the Marines are there,
we can't take any risks.
Wait, they're going, too?
Well, we are down to
the last End Point.
There's more at stake
here than your hat.
'Course, if you lose to Zed,
the New World will be destroyed.
But even if you win,
you'll be surrounded
by the strongest men
the Marines have to offer.
The odds aren't in your favor.
It'll be interesting at least.
I don't think a happy
ending is even possible,
but I'll keep watchin'
all the same.
Well, I wasn't really
lookin' to save the world,
but if that's what it takes
to get Nami and the
others back to normal,
then we don't have much choice.
But first, we'll get
those powerful weapons.
Or did ya forget?
[GALI chuckles]
A bunch of the pirates
who got beat up by Zed
threw in the towel,
so when their ships
washed up here,
they left their weapons behind.
The old man felt sorry
for all those folks
who had to give up
on their dreams,
so he kept their equipment
in hopes it could carry on
their adventure someday.
What do you think?
Good stuff, huh?
Zed may have stopped
them in their tracks,
but we'll pick up the pieces
and carry their dream
all the way to the final battle!
[GUYS]
Yeah!
[LUFFY, USOPP chuckle]
Do it as a favor to me, too!
Tell that bastard he'll
never take freedom away
from the men of the sea!
Then sock him a good one!
[GALI]
Hold on a sec, guys!
I wanna be a hero
when I grow up,
but I don't know
what I should do!
Which one is stronger,
a Marine admiral or the
King of the Pirates?
Just sayin', but pirates
aren't exactly heroes.
Whoa, really?
You think pirates and
Marines are cool, huh?
Yeah, of course!
They're both super strong!
[ROBIN chuckles]
[BOTH chuckle]
[LUFFY] Gali! Whatever you
want, you can do it.
[chuckles]
We need to maintain our course!
Prepare the Gaon Cannon!
[USOPP]
Target: Enemy flagship!
And the aim is set.
All right, Gaon Cannon... fire!
Yoho! I can see it,
straight ahead!
This is the final stage!
Get ready! Keep them
away from Master Zed!
[yells]
We'll all search for Zed.
Let's clear a path!
[ALL yell]
I got this! Go ahead!
[ALL yelling]
Hundred-ton Hammer!
Eat this!
Uh. Goodbye!
[USOPP screams]
Leave the rest of
them to me, Usopp!
It's time for my Guard Point!
Chopper Tank ready!
All weapons aim and fire!
[Z SOLDIERS screaming]
[NAMI yells]
[gasps]
Zed!
[ZORO] Huh... Where'd
everyone run off to?
What is this place? It's weird.
[AIN]
Return-Return!
[gasps]
[AIN] I won't let you
anywhere near Master Zed.
Your only opponent is me.
That's handy.
I'd have to beat you
sooner or later
if I wanted my friends
to turn back to normal.
Nothing personal, but
this one's gonna hurt.
I don't doubt that
you can defeat me
in a one-on-one battle.
But all I need to
do is buy time.
And if I have to die for Master
Zed's ideals, then so be it.
[ZORO] Well, that sounds real
noble when you say it, huh?
Brave soldiers willin'
to lay down and die
for some crazy plan.
And yet, I sensed an
uncertainty in your blade
when we fought before.
I refuse to be
lectured by a pirate!
Your kind disgusts me!
You have no right to
exist in this world!
I condemn you, pirate!
Master Zed condemns you!
"Master" this
and "Master" that.
Try thinkin' for yourself.
[LUFFY]
Phew. I'm getting hungry.
[yells]
[laughs]
[KIZARU]
Ahh. The fireworks are starting.
Just watch, gentlemen,
I'll wipe out the Straw Hats
and every Neo Marine
down to the last man.
We can't have our
old master be lonely
on his trip to the afterlife.
[yells]
[yelling]
Gum-Gum Pistol!
--[Z SOLDIER O] Surround him!
--[Z SOLDIER P] Fire!
[LUFFY yells]
[Z SOLDIERS scream]
[Z SOLDIER W gasps]
[yells]
Return-Return!
The winds of the underworld
blow their icy breath.
Soul Solid!
Now Mil Fleurs!
Gigantesco Mano... Stomp!
[Z SOLDIERS screaming]
[Z SOLDIER Y yells]
[Z SOLDIERS yell]
[USOPP]
Smile!
Special Attack! Green
Star Bamboo Javelin!
[USOPP chuckles]
Even if I'm small,
I still have this!
Clima Takt, ready!
Heat Ball! Cool Ball!
And Thunderbolt Tempo!
[Z SOLDIERS screaming]
[LUFFY yells]
[USOPP]
Nami!
Don't pretend like you
don't know how to aim that!
[CHOPPER] Yeah, that lightning
was all over the place!
[NAMI]
Aww. Thanks, Chopper.
[CHOPPER]
That wasn't a compliment!
[BROOK] My goodness, but that
was some fine destruction!
[ROBIN]
Where's Luffy?
[NAMI] He went off on
his own, as usual.
[BROOK] Then let's do
our best to catch up!
[gasps]
Everyone, look out!
[USOPP, NAMI, CHOPPER]
Hm? Ah!
[USOPP]
Pacifistas!
But they look
different than before.
These are way more scary!
[Z]
Finally made it, huh?
Nice try, but I'm
afraid the explosions
to shake the final End Point
have already started.
[LUFFY] I don't care
about your explosions.
I'm here to get my
hat back, that's all!
Lotta trouble for a hat.
Mind telling me what's so
important about this thing?
It shows me the way...
to becoming King of the Pirates.
Ha!
That nonsense is why
it's not enough
to simply kill you pirates.
I have to destroy every
sea where you roam,
burn down every dream
you ever had.
With this arm, I'll seek out
all the evil in this world
and crush it!
[yells]
[screams]
You've lost your mind, boy!
But if you're just lookin' for a
place to die, then I'll oblige!
[whimpers]
[STRAW HATS screaming]
[gasps]
Oh, no!
What's up?
Yow! Sorry I'm late, guys!
It's time to rock, little buddy!
[USOPP yells]
Yeah!
[FRANKY]
Iron Pirate...
...General Franky!
[CHOPPER]
Woohoo!
[yells]
[USOPP, CHOPPER, BROOK laughing]
Franky Radical Beam! Ha!
[ALL]
That is too cool!
[FRANKY]
Oh, yeah!
Mosa, mosa!
[SANJI]
Sky Walk!
Diable Jambe!
[yells]
Hi-yah!
[ZORO yells]
[gasps]
[ZORO]
Three-Sword Style...
...Azure Dragon Stamp!
[ZORO]
Flowing Water!
If you ever conquer your doubts,
feel free to challenge
me again sometime.
[SANJI] I'm gonna pound
every one of you
until Nami's sexy again!
My sexy fire burns like the sun!
Light it up!
Meteor Strike of Love!
[BINS screams]
Could you feel the heat,
Nami-swan?
[gasps]
[laughs]
Uh! Neat-o!
[BROOK grunting]
Huh?
I got old again! The days
of my youth are gone!
[USOPP]
Oh, yeah?
[BROOK] But you know,
being 90 feels pretty good.
I missed it.
[CHOPPER] I guess that means
Zoro won his fight!
Then let's get going!
All that's left is Zed!
Yeah!
[LUFFY screams]
Just give it up!
My justice is absolute!
It won't waver an inch!
[growls] Now, Gum-Gum Pistol!
Gatling!
[LUFFY yelling]
You could teach those
spineless Marines
a thing or two about guts.
Still, the only good
pirate's a dead one!
[yells]
Third Gear!
Giant Pistol!
[yells]
I won't lose! Not to you!
We'll see!
[yells]
You little brat!
[LUFFY yells]
Luffy!
It's over.
Why do you keep comin' at me
when you know we're
all gonna die, kid?
And even if you beat me,
even if you make it out,
you're still a pirate.
You're no hero.
No matter what you accomplish,
the world will always
look down on you.
I'm doing what I want.
You get it? I don't care
what other people think!
If I can't beat you, I can't
be King of the Pirates.
That's why I'm here.
[Z]
You damn ignorant punk.
You think you can
break down a wall
if you bang your head
into it hard enough.
[NAMI, CHOPPER, USOPP gasp]
Doin' what you want,
no matter what, huh?
Sounds nice. Then I'll
do the same thing.
I'll crush the dreams of you
pirates if it kills me.
And if you stand in my
way, you'll be first!
You wanna be Pirate King?
Then you can take your
crown to the grave!
[yells]
[LUFFY yells]
[screams]
Black Arm Zephyr is back.
I'm glad I'm around
to get to see it.
[yells]
[growls, yells]
[groans]
[chuckles]
[yelling]
[LUFFY yells]
I won't quit,
and you won't stop me!
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
[LUFFY yells]
Ha! Well, Your
Majesty... eat this!
[LUFFY grunting]
[LUFFY]
You want more?
[chuckles]
[growling]
I've gotten so old.
I wanna get back up,
but my body just won't
listen anymore.
It's a damn shame.
Whenever I find some
joy in this world,
it always seems to
get away from me.
I figured he'd pull through,
but he likes to make us worry.
[CHOPPER, NAMI]
Luffy!
When a man has a big dream,
everything that's in his way
gets trampled and left behind.
Now take your hat.
And take my life.
I'm finished.
[chuckles]
I don't need your life.
Just the hat.
Thanks. That was fun.
[Z]
Huh?
[LUFFY] If you wanna keep
fighting, I can do that.
[Z] No, but it was
a bit fun, wasn't it?
[CHOPPER]
Luffy!
[USOPP gasps]
Whoa, take it easy.
Are you okay?
Hey, guys!
[NAMI]
Don't you "Hey, guys" me!
And stop running off
on your own like that!
[AIN]
Master Zed!
[Z]
Ain. Bins.
You've suffered so much
for my foolish dream.
Forgive me.
Suffered?
No, sir. I... I'm just
happy you're alive.
Well, isn't that convenient?
All the players are together.
[USOPP, NAMI gasp]
Kizaru?
I suppose it's a shame that
Straw Hat and Master Zed
are both close to death.
But you're going to die anyway,
so no big deal, right?
Great. Exactly what
we need now.
Ah. He's here, huh?
And with all my old friends.
[LUFFY gasps]
[Z] I did what I wanted
until the end.
But I have to pay the price
to all the men I walked
over to get here.
Otherwise, I won't be able
to face to the ones
who went before me.
You won, Straw Hat Luffy,
and that means you
earned the right
to continue your adventure.
Stand back. Let old man
Zed take care of this.
No, wait!
Master! You can't do this!
[ALL gasp]
[KIZURU]
Huh?
Kuzan, huh?
How considerate of you to give
your old teacher a place to die.
[AIN]
Master! Master, no!
Why?
[AIN crying]
It swallows up
in its warm embrace
So knowingly and gently
Now Yasakani Sacred Jewel.
Borsalino.
Master Zephyr, this is farewell!
[Z groaning]
The sea watches us quietly.
Now pay attention, boys.
'Cause Master's got
one last lesson for ya!
From humble hometown waters
To the waves at the
end of the earth.
All our pain and suffering
It swallows up
in its warm embrace
So knowingly and gently
[MARINES yell]
washes them all away
[Z roars]
[AIN, BINS crying]
[AOKIJI]
Stop crying'!
Until he took his last breath,
our master held to his beliefs.
[AOKIJI] That's the coolest
thing in the whole damn world.
[CHILDREN laughing]
[yells]
[ALL]
You're gonna pay for this!
I'll be ready for a rematch!
Because I am a hero of justice!
I'm Zed!